Specify secret-sharing scheme (#25)
ShivanKaul/star-spec: draft-dss-star.md

- Authenticity: Combining at least k = REPORT_THRESHOLD shares will only succeed if all
  shares correspond to the same underlying secret. Otherwise, it fails.

A threshold secret sharing scheme with these properties has the following API syntax:

> - Share(k, n, msg, rand, tag): Produce a k-out-of-n share of the secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Share(k, msg, rand): Produce a k-threshold share of the secret
```
This signature doesn't match the function description below. I also don't know what the best way to describe this "thing" is, as we don't need to describe the number of points at which to evaluate the polynomial (n). I went with "k-threshold share," but there's probably something better.

Author: `k-threshold` seems fine to me

>   `x` using randomness `rand`. The values k and n are integers,
>   and `x` and `rand` are byte strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `x` using randomness `rand`. The value k is an integer, and `msg` and `rand` are byte strings.
```

> - Recover(k, n, share_set): Combine the secret shares in `share_set`, which is of size at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recover(k, share_set): Combine the secret shares in `share_set`, which is of size at
```

  least k, and recover the corresponding message `msg`. If recovery fails, this function
  returns an error.
- Nshare: The size in bytes of a secret share value.

We use traditional Shamir secret sharing (SSS) {{Shamir}} for
implementing the sharing scheme. This functionality is implemented using
a finite field `FFp = GF(p)`, where the order `p` is a large enough
power-of-two or prime (e.g. of length greater than 32 bits). Note that

> (SSS) is unconditionally secure, and thus the size of the field is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSS is unconditionally secure, and thus the size of the field is not
```

important from a security perspective.

> [[OPEN ISSUE: is this size field sufficient for all applications]]

Reviewer: We need to actually pick a prime to make this interoperable.

We now describe the implementation of the API functions above. We
require internal usage of the following functions:

- `hash_to_field(x, n)` from {{!H2C=I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve, Section 5}}
  for hashing `x` to `n` finite field elements in GF(p).
- `polynomial_interpolation(points)` from
  {{!FROST=I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-frost, Section 4.2.3}} for constructing a
  polynomial of degree `N-1` from the set `points` of size `N`.

~~~~~
def Share(k, x, rand):
  poly = [hash_to_field(x, 1)]
  poly.extend(hash_to_field(rand, k-1))
  r = FFp.random()
  share = 0
  for i in 0..k

>     share += poly[i] * (rand^i)

Reviewer: If we're going to use `polynomial_interpolation` from FROST, can we also just use `polynomial_evaluate` to evaluate the polynomial over a random point (`r`)?
